No of course there is things in life that get kind of exaggerated and
people who aren't in the field just don't really get a good feel what
it's like. It's hard to say about the military, but I think one thing
that gets romantisized is if you love the way people look in uniform.
You look at the recruiting posters and they're the guys in there
dress blue you know bell bottoms sailor uniform looking very athletic
and and romantic in their Old World style. You get the wind listed
in the officers in their dress uniforms you know just looking like
a million dollars. They don't very often have too many posters showing
your your work uniform So the entire life is not spent yeah you
know where you dress uniform and going to parties. A chaplain told
me once it almost every incident puts in for embassy duty when gets
commission you don't get embassy duty until you're at the other end
of your career, a commander or a captain and so that that could be
overly romanticize. How you can travel the world and become an embassy
aid or something like that doesn't happened very much. But by and
large, people understand. I think it's more the other way around what
a high school kids think that everybody in the army runs around shooting
people time. That you really you don't have that kind of pressure
on you very often.